# OVAL Board Meeting - 2021-10-28
## Agenda
- Agenda Bashing
- Last meeting review
- OVAL Statistics (Language and Repo)
- Board Changes
- Any other business

## Attendees
* Dale Rich
* Sara Archacki
* Steven Piliero
* Watson Sato
* Adam Montville
* David Solin
* Matej Tyc

## Notes
No comments on statistics.

Board changes announced.

David Solin suggested that we should consider how/when we're going to be able to get changes from dev branch to stable. We need two qualifyiing implementations to do so, per our community guidelines. All Board members and implementers are asked to consider if/when they plan to implement recent contributions to the development branch. Please opine on the mailing list.
