README.md, before:

# OVAL 5.12 Official Release

**12/04/2024**
After several years of work with contributions from numerous OVAL developers and board members, we are proud to announce the release of OVAL 5.12.  For a list of changes, please view:

https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A5.12+is%3Aclosed

To download a copy of the OVAL 5.12 schema, and offline HTML files, view the following and download the release zips from the Assets.

https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/releases/tag/v5.12

# The OVAL Language Documentation

For OVAL 5.12 Documentation https://oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

For OVAL 5.11.2 Documentation https://oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io/en/5.11.2_release/

# Notice:

**The development team of the SCAP Compliance Checker (SCC) at the Naval Information Warfare Center (NWIC) has taken over the role as OVAL Sponsor.  If your organization is interested in being part of this development community composed of top security experts, system administrators, and software developers from industry, government, and academia, please reach out to our team at scc.fct@navy.mil**

Commit message:

Update README.md for OVAL 6.0 release

README.md, after:

# OVAL 6.0 Official Release

**01/24/2025**
The OVAL board is proud to announce the release of OVAL 6.0, which is the first 'major' release of OVAL in nearly 20 years.   OVAL 5.0 was released back in 2006!

Primary Changes:
- OVAL 6.0 removes backward compatibility to OVAL 5.x content, dropping support for 139 deprecated OVAL tests.
- OVAL 6.0 adds the concept of an 'encapsulated definition', which allows for more portable content, and easier maintenance, while still allowing the existing definition format.

For a complete list of changes, please refer to:
- https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/issues?q=is%3Aissue%20state%3Aclosed%20milestone%3A6.0

To download a copy of the OVAL 6.0 schema, and offline HTML files, view the following and download the release zips from the Assets.
- https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/releases/tag/v6.0

# OVAL 5.12 Official Release

**12/04/2024**
After several years of work with contributions from numerous OVAL developers and board members, we are proud to announce the release of OVAL 5.12.  For a list of changes, please view:

For a complete list of changes, please refer to:
- https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/issues?q=is%3Aissue+milestone%3A5.12+is%3Aclosed

To download a copy of the OVAL 5.12 schema, and offline HTML files, view the following and download the release zips from the Assets.
- https://github.com/OVAL-Community/OVAL/releases/tag/v5.12

# The OVAL Language Documentation

For OVAL 6.0 Documentation https://oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io/en/latest/

For OVAL 5.12 Documenation:  https://oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io/en/5.12_release/

For OVAL 5.11.2 Documentation https://oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io/en/5.11.2_release/

# Notice:

**The development team of the SCAP Compliance Checker (SCC) at the Naval Information Warfare Center (NWIC) has taken over the role as OVAL Sponsor.  If your organization is interested in being part of this development community composed of top security experts, system administrators, and software developers from industry, government, and academia, please reach out to our team at scc.fct@navy.mil**
