terms-of-use.rst, before:

.. _terms-of-use:

Terms of Use
============

OVAL License/Disclaimer

This software is an open standard developed by multiple parties, including the United States Government (Government). The Government hereby grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, modify, and/or reproduce the software for any lawful purpose provided that you reproduce this License/Disclaimer language with any use/modification/copy of the software. The Government assumes no responsibility whatsoever for this software's use by other parties, and the software is provided "AS IS" without warranty or guarantee of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. In no event shall the Government be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or other dealings in the software. The Government has no obligation hereunder to provide maintenance, support, updates, enhancements, or modifications to the software. Users may submit proposals and/or updates regarding the software, which proposals and/or updates the Government, at its sole discretion, can choose to incorporate into the software. Proposals and/or updates submitted to the Government by users must be accompanied by a license to such proposals and/or updates that is no more restrictive than this License/Disclaimer.

Commit message:

Added introduction back to terms of use

terms-of-use.rst, after:

.. _terms-of-use:

Terms of Use
============

Introduction
------------
OVAL is an open standard developed by the information security community as represented by the OVAL Board and the OVAL discussion lists, and maintained by Naval Information Warfare Atlantic (NIWC) on this public OVAL Website.

The United States Government has copyrighted the OVAL Language for the benefit of the community in order to ensure it remains a free and open standard, as well as to legally protect the ongoing use of it and any resulting content by government, vendors, and/or users. The United States Government has trademarked ® the OVAL acronym and the OVAL logo to protect its sole and ongoing use by the OVAL effort within the information security arena.
Please contact scc.fct@navy.mil if you require further clarification on this issue.

OVAL License/Disclaimer
-----------------------

This software is an open standard developed by multiple parties, including the United States Government (Government). The Government hereby grants you a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide license to use, modify, and/or reproduce the software for any lawful purpose provided that you reproduce this License/Disclaimer language with any use/modification/copy of the software. The Government assumes no responsibility whatsoever for this software's use by other parties, and the software is provided "AS IS" without warranty or guarantee of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and noninfringement. In no event shall the Government be liable for any claim, damages or other liability, whether in an action of contract, tort or other dealings in the software. The Government has no obligation hereunder to provide maintenance, support, updates, enhancements, or modifications to the software. Users may submit proposals and/or updates regarding the software, which proposals and/or updates the Government, at its sole discretion, can choose to incorporate into the software. Proposals and/or updates submitted to the Government by users must be accompanied by a license to such proposals and/or updates that is no more restrictive than this License/Disclaimer.
