# OVAL Board Meeting - 2021-04-22
## Agenda
- Agenda Bashing
- Last meeting review
- OVAL Statistics (Language and Repo)
- Update on Area Supervisor working group
- Board Votes
- Any other business

## Attendees
- Bill Munyan, Sara Archacki (CIS)
- David Ries, David Solin (JovalCM)
- Steven Piliero (UCF)
- Matej Tyc (RedHat)
- Dennis Moreau (VMware)
- Hariom Singh (Qualys)
- Jack Van der Pol (SPAWAR/Navy/Whatever you're called now)
- Kent Landfield (McAfee)

If I've missed anyone, I apologize.

## Notes

### Area Supervisors

There aren't currently any objections to the YAML content proposal.  Bill M to do a "quick" schema review to see if there's anything glaring, but expects to be able to merge this into "develop" branch.

### Board Votes

OK to send out board vote emails to:
- Keep Dale Rich on the board as an Individual
- Add Watson Sato as RedHat's second member

David Ries commented on his support for keeping Dale on the board, as he's historically been very active in working groups and as a content contributor.

## Action Items
1. Bill M. to review YAML file content proposal
2. (for area supervisors mtg) Should a "cloud" area be created and who would be that AS?
3. (for area supervisors mtg) If a new area is proposed, is there a default, temporary supervisor assigned?  Does that fall to CIS as the conservator?
4. CIS to email board to vote on Dale Rich remaining as an Individual member
5. CIS to email board to vote on Watson Sato joining as RedHat's second representative