# OVAL Board Meeting - 2021-01-28
## Agenda
- Agenda Bashing
- Last meeting review
- OVAL Stats
- Board Revitalization Update
- Language Submissions/Proposals and Release
- Any other business

## Notes

In attendance:
- Adam Montville
- Bill Munyan
- Dale Rich
- David Ries
- David Solin
- Hariom Singh
- Jack Vander Pol
- Matej Tyc
- Rosario Gangemi
- Steven Piliero

No agenda bashing. No questions on statistics. Hariom mentioned that the board listing at oval.cisecurity.org is inaccurate - Adam took an action to remediate.

We all seemed to agree that we've missed the February stable release window, and should instead look toward August. To that end, we agreed that convening a regular meeting of Area Supervisors with that goal in mind was appropriate. The intent being that we can document mechanics (presently lacking in community guidelines) and improve the process where necessary.

Actions:
- CIS will take a look at the board listing on oval.cisecurity.org and redirect it to the board listing on our Community Guidelines page
- CIS will schedule bi-weekly Area Supervisor meeting series (starting in about a month) to work toward an August release to the stable branch