# OVAL Board Meeting - 2020-10-22

## Participants
- Adam
- Bill
- Ries
- Solin
- Dale Rich
- Danny Haynes
- Matej

## Agenda
- Agenda Bashing
- Last meeting review
- OVAL Statistics (Language and Repo)
- TBD Items
- Any other business

## Notes

### Last Meeting Review
- Discussed issue 94;
	- David Ries commented on 7/23
	- No further discussion
	- Does this discussion need to be rekindled
- SCAPv2 group overlap with OVAL group; Join efforts?
- Wasn't really consensus on this
- NIST "sponsoring" some of the work, making a website to which the community may contribute.
- Table it?
- Follow the same model that OSCAL does (that's the NIST site Ries was talking about)

### Repo Metrics
- Uptick in page views in Q3
- Lower so far in Q4, but ppl still using it
- South Korea and Thailand highest visitors (non-US)
- US a bit lower views since the last board meeting
- 15 repo updates since last board meeting
- Steady progress/uptick in repo updates, good progress on Windows
- Matej: Instead of just showing total numbers of repo objects, show the increments, like increment from Q3 to Q4, not just 13k in Q3 and 13.2k in Q4 -- Show +200

### Board Revitalization
- Reached out to 22 reps
	- 13 remain "interested" in serving
	- 2 replacement nominations to be voted on
	- 2 resigning
	- 6 under notice (deadline Nov 13, 2020)
- Good job Adam in reaching out to board members and continuing to show metrics

Do we wait until after the 6 under notice are off the board to proceed with replacement nomination votes?  That makes quorum easier to achieve.  Group seemed to agree to wait until after 11/13.

### AOB
**Matej**: Open source project to visualize the relationships of tests/test results. Is there an avenue to announce/promote the project?
- Send something to the OVAL lists?  OVAL-Developer, OVAL-Repository lists.
- Matej to clean up documentation, and send announcement to lists

**Ries**: We haven't done an official language "release" yet.  Stuff's been moved into "Development" branch.  We need qualifying implementations to work the proposals to keep them moving towards the "Stable" branch.

### For Follow-Up
- Modify repo stat graphs to show increments of repo objects quarter over quarter; see Matej note above
- Itemize the proposals that are in "Development", float that list to the vendors/implementors, start getting qualifying implementations (QI).  Vendors can then attest the proposal on the PR to indicate the QI
	- Can we do this all on list?
	- **CIS** to follow-up on this enumeration of Development branch stuff
- Add to the board slides those proposals in Development that need QI, and show stuff in "Stable" to help determine official release.
