# Area Supervisors Meeting: June 21, 2021

## Agenda
- Review actions from last meeting
- Run through list of PRs
- Open discussion/AOB

## Participants
- Adam Montville
- Jack Vander Pol
- Watson Sato
- David Solin

## From Last Time
- Bill to add `version` to AWS tests, for real this time (DONE; Also split credentialreport_test into 3 separate tests per PR comments/feedback from David Ries - can David review?)
- Bill to add `filepath` to SSHD test (DONE)
- Bill to close the NetworkFirewall proposal and PR (DONE; PR closed by proposer)
- Watson to check with Steve on loading configs for auditd (DONE)

### Also
- Bill added new test constructs to the AIX proposal. Instead of just one, now there are 5. David Solin volunteered to review.
  - David has to do AIX testing this week and should be able to look this week.
- David Solin also volunteered to look at the Palo Alto schema.
  - Confirmed. Still willing.

## Running through list of PRs
- _Proposal to add new constructs to AIX schema_: Needs review.
- _Proposal to add schema for Palo Alto_: Needs review.
- _AWS Schemas, Take 5_: Needs review (specific request from Bill for David Ries to review)
  - David Solin will mention to David Ries
- _Proposal: ADDING auditdline_test_: Basically auditd is hardcoded to a specific file; even if one went to modify it there would be complications for SELinux, as one example. He was not aware of any use case where people would want to change the value. Drawing a line in the sand and saying we should use just the filepath and forget about behaviors.
- _Introduce a schema directory README that points out to oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io_: Needs review.
- _New Unix SSHD test proposal_: We reviewed the changes Bill made, and believe it's probably ready to go. One more quick reivew (per actions below), and we'll accept the PR.


## Actions
- David Solin
  - Review AIX proposal
	- Review Palo Alto proposal
	- Review SSHD proposal
- David Ries
  - Review AWS proposal
- Bill Munyan
  - Review and handle PR #113 (Community Guidelines)
