# Area Supervisors Meeting: July 19, 2021

## Agenda
- Review actions from last meeting
- Run through list of PRs
- Open discussion/AOB

## Participants
- Bill Munyan
- John Ullmer
- Jack VDP
- Jarrett Lu
- Watson Sato
- David Solin

## Actions from Last Call
- David Solin
  - Review AIX proposal
  - Review Palo Alto proposal
  - Review SSHD proposal
- David Ries
  - Review AWS proposal (DONE)
- Bill Munyan
  - Review and handle PR #113 (Community Guidelines)

## Running through list of PRs
- _(126) Proposal to add new constructs to AIX schema_: Needs review.
- _(124) Proposal to add schema for Palo Alto_: Needs review.
- _(123) AWS Schemas, Take 5_: David Ries reviewed and OK'd.
- _(115) Proposal: ADDING auditdline_test_: Basically auditd is hardcoded to a specific file; even if one went to modify it there would be complications for SELinux, as one example. He was not aware of any use case where people would want to change the value. Drawing a line in the sand and saying we should use just the filepath and forget about behaviors.
- _(113) Introduce a schema directory README that points out to oval-community-guidelines.readthedocs.io_: Needs review.
- _( 86) New Unix SSHD test proposal_: We reviewed the changes Bill made, and believe it's probably ready to go. One more quick reivew (per actions below), and we'll accept the PR.


## Actions before next Meeting
- Finalize AWS reviews and do consensus call
- Finalize AIX reviews and do consensus call
- (Bill M) Merge SSHD change to develop ...(DONE)
- (Bill M) Merge PALO change to develop ...(DONE)
- (Bill M) Merge README change to MASTER ...(DONE)
- (Bill M) Merge DISABLEDSERVICE change to develop ...(DONE)
- (Bill M) Re-post on auditdline proposal to ebouillard to revive proposal. ...(DONE)

## Notes
- John Ullmer to review AIX
- No reason NOT to merge the AWS
- Palo looks pretty simple; ok to merge.
- Solin still TODO on AIX
- SSHD ready to MERGE.
- 

