# OVAL Area Supervisors Meeting #
March 29, 2021

## Attendees
- Adam Montville
- Bill Munyan
- Jarrett Lu
- Jack Vander Pol
- Matej Tyc

## Proposed Agenda
- Pull Request Merge Process

## Notes

### `appcmd` proposal
The `String` to `AnySimpleType` change has been made; looks ready to merge following David Solin's last comments/review

### Merge Process
- Not a single maintainer, performing all merges
- Can area supervisors be responsible for merging in their approved PRs
	- What about merging your own PRs?
- Do we need some kind of checklist of things to do when merging the PR?
- GitHub allows "reviewers" as part of the process.  That person can then make comments and either "approve" or "request add'l changes", before those with merge authority do the actual merge.
	- Normally the reviewer would be the Area Supervisor
	- In the case where the PR came from the organization 
- When merging, determine whether "squash and merge", but generally we can afford to have many commits and do a "merge commit".  More advanced Git operation is to squash before doing the PR.
- GitHub Desktop and rebasing: [https://github.blog/2019-06-05-github-desktop-expands-to-support-stashing-and-rebasing/](https://github.blog/2019-06-05-github-desktop-expands-to-support-stashing-and-rebasing/)


## Action Items
- (All) Documentation filled in (for TBD) under "Development Stream Release Process"
- (CIS) Add all area supervisors to a GitHub "team", allowing them to merge PRs
- (CIS) Determine team structure of OVAL-Community repository, to get teams with permissions applied.  Something worked out to propose at the next meeting.
- (CIS) Ensure there is documentation regarding creating the PR against the "develop" branch, and not the "master" branch.