# Area Supervisors Meeting: April 26, 2021

## Agenda
- Get the list of Area Supervisors to add to GH "team"
- Open Pull Requests Ready for Merge
	- 117: Allow 0 elements within `system_data` OK
	- 122: Appcmd OK
	- 90: YAML Content - One documentation update then OK


- Open Pull Requests for Discussion
	- 86: SSHD
	- 115: Auditdline (Didn't get to)
	- 112: Networkfirewall (Didn't get to)

## Participants
Bill M
Jack VdP
Jarrett Lu
John Ullmer
Matej Tyc
Watson Sato
David Solin

## Notes

### GitHub IDs
Received IDs from those on the call.  Still need from Pooja

### YAML Content Test
Bill has a question about the YAML content test.  Would it be more advantageous all around to remove the "all lowercase field name" constraint from the `record/field` element?
- Question was asked in proposal comments

Also, just to clarify, there is a `content` element in the choice - so its a choice between `filepath`, `path/filename`, or `content` is that correct?  If that is the case, would we want to amend the other "content" tests to have the same ability? (XML, Text, JSON, etc)
- Yeah that would be good, and create that element similar to the YAML content element, allowing in-line content or a var_ref to variables building up that content.
- Added to proposal comments

### IIS Proposal
Agreed we're ready to merge

(CIS to follow up on Jacks PR Notes)
```
@adammontville below are some very basic notes I took while creating a PR, and getting it to the point of being reviewed by others.

OVAL schema update notes for github

Download and install GitHub Desktop
Checkout the OVAL repository in Github Desktop
Select the branch of 'origin/develop' (do not select master)
Make your edits using your editor of choice
Diff your changes
Commit to your local branch, making a useful comments.
Push to origin
Create a pull request, name it: "Proposal: <whatever it is you want to add/fix>
In PR conversation link any tickets (using #) that this PR is intended to resolve. Example: This fixes the issue reported in ticket #1 and adds a feature that does per ticket #2 etc...
If it's ready for a peer review, request it from @adammontville
```

### System_Data proposal
Agreed we're ready to merge


### SSHD Proposal
- Does Dave Solin already have an implementation?  If so, is he using his most recent comments as the "behaviors" and/or filepath elements? No, just the base CIS proposal
- Using something like systemd, you can configure multiple SSHD instances with different configs from different locations
- 2 Cases:
	- default config files; we generally know where those are
	- look at the process table, and find what looks like an sshd process running.
- Also containers!  Containers obfuscate some of those process table entries
- Moving from 1 config file to many files; makes TFC checks inadequate.
- There is definitely more work to do/investigations on this one.

