# OVAL Area Supervisors Meeting #
March 29, 2021

## Attendees
- Pooja
- David Solin
- Watson
- Matej
- Adam
- Jarrett
- Jack

## Proposed Agenda
- Review all pending PRs

## Notes
* Talking about rebase - Jack is likely going to start over, because the "squash and merge" didn't do what we expected it to do. So, he'll create a new PR.
* YAML discussion.
  * A question of writing an implementation of YAML paths
  * RedHat has an implementation
  * We'd need one more implementation
  * There's not yet a language
  * Matej is suggesting that we could accelerate the adoption process by having those with disagreements go offline and have working sessions.
    * There's nothing prohibiting this type of behavior, and it's within the spirit of the process.
    * We may need to add to the process documentation that the conclusion of any "design team" has to be reflected in the issue and/or PR.
  * Solin: Only reservation, if there were problems or underspecficiation, we won't know until there's an opportunity for implementation.
  * `yamlfilecontent` can move into the development branch
* `sshd` dicusussion
  * Needed Bill for this discussion
  * David Solin has an implementation
  * "Stuck" on "running instances"
* `auditdline_test` discussion
  * We need ebouillard to participate in the discussion
  * Someone needs to comment
* `networkfirewall_test` discussion
  * It's good to have this test, but it's redundant as configs can be checked by other means.
  * This requires additional discussion on the PR
  * Discussion on whether text file content checks can be used in some of these cases, and it seems that doing so can be overly complicated.
  * This is a label-based test as proposed, so we need to come up with something better (labels can different)
* `system_data` element schema update
  * SCAP-validation related - results schema
* AWS-API schema
  * Requires public comment


## Action Items
- Jack to take notes when he creates the new PR for the `appcmd`.
- Update OVAL process documentation to include the concept of "design teams" and what action they must take upon conculsion to keep the Community informed.
- Bill Munyan will merge the `yamlfilecontent` PR to the development branch
- Bill Munyan to address `system_data` PR
- Carried Over from 2021-03-29
  - (All) Documentation filled in (for TBD) under "Development Stream Release Process"
  - (CIS) Add all area supervisors to a GitHub "team", allowing them to merge PRs
  - (CIS) Determine team structure of OVAL-Community repository, to get teams with permissions applied.  Something worked out to propose at the next meeting.
  - (CIS) Ensure there is documentation regarding creating the PR against the "develop" branch, and not the "master" branch.
