# OVAL Area Supervisors Meeting #
## March 15, 2021 ##

## Proposed Agenda ##
- Next Steps: 
	- Read-ahead:
		- All review process documentation
		- Review appcmd proposal
	- Work through appcmd proposal mechanics
	- Then YAML is up next
	- Then we can probably work in parallel and check in every other week
- Open Questions:
	- How do things in extension become development?
	- What method do we have to determine who has implemented what?
	- Do people feel like they're being notified when new proposals are being added?


## Proposal Process Review ##
Bill to clarify difference between "Schema-Update" and "Schema-Addition"

Clarify that a pull request associates to an issue; Ideally the issue is identified before the pull request.  Maybe imply that the issue is the first thing to be created.

Fill in the documentation for "Alternate Proposals"

See if there's a way to "escalate" a discussion to require Area Supervisor input, if necessary.  Just tag the Area Supervisor username?  Add a label to the issue/PR?

Consensus Period
- Issue owner indicates to both the Area Supervisor (tagging their user) and the mailing list that the issue is ready to enter consensus period.
- Area supervisor initiates to the mailing list the start and end dates of the consensus period.
- Consensus period is intended to be the "speak up now or else" period.  Any objections should have been raised/discussed before entering consensus period.


## `appcmd` Proposal
- Last issue is `String` -> `AnySimpleType` datatype change
- Once that's complete, should be ready to merge into "develop" branch


## Other proposals to Review before merging into `develop` ##
- `sshd`
- `auditline`
- `networkfirewall`
- `yamlcontent`


## Qualifying Implementations ##
The underlying thesis is that there should be 2 implementations.
Keep lines of communication open during the implementation process to catch as many blockers as possible.
